Hm. Yuzuki.
-[YUZUKI] We're home!
-[gasps]
It's about time!
You two were out way too late!
[chuckles]
Well, we're back now.
[sighs] You should've called
to tell us where you were!
Yeah, that's my bad.
My phone died before I could,
so...
Eh, don't worry.
I'm just glad nothing happened.
[BOTH] Of course, nothing
happened between the two of us.
[shouts]
What did you do?
[door opens]
See you after school!
Dude. I was up all night
playing games.
So, you two stayed the night
at a lo-- a love hotel
because you missed
the last train,
but you didn't do anything,
right?
Exactly. All we did was sleep.
What a relief.
[chuckles]
I was starting to think
you had an affair
on the same day you got engaged!
Did you really think
I would do that?
[TSUKUYO]
But now that I think of it,
let's be careful.
We shouldn't tell anyone
at school about that night,
or that Akagami
is living with us.
Ah!
But isn't it normal for temples
to have workers
live on the premises?
I feel like you've forgotten
that we're a nunnery.
[YUZUKI]
I don't think it's a big deal.
[TSUKUYO]
It's a huge deal!
If people find out
we live with a man,
-they'll start to think--
-But Akagami's totally harmless.
I mean, when we were
in the love hotel together,
-he-- Huh?
-Stop right there! Whatever.
I just don't want anyone to know
about him living with us.
Got it?
Uh, sure.
[MALE STUDENT] "Man, that test
was harder than I expected!"
[TSUKUYO]
Come on,
you shouldn't let your guard
down around him.
Before he started living
with us,
you were, I thought you were...
[students chatter]
-[MANA] Tsukki.
-Huh?
-What's up?
-[TSUKUYO] Hey, Mana. Hey, Yuki.
-Morning.
-What's wrong?
You're looking a little off.
Oh, just some stuff
going on at home.
-[sipping]
-[MANA] With the temple?
Ah, now
that we're talking about that,
Tsukki,
I hear you got a boyfriend.
[retches]
[coughing]
Well, you've heard wrong!
Where did you get
that idea anyway?
From an eyewitness testimony!
What's that supposed to mean?
You were seen kissing a boy
by the river
after the rain stopped!
And you brought him home
with you afterwards!
-Girl!
Afraid to say
you've got the wrong person.
[MANA]
You can't get off like that!
He was wearing temple clothes!
Was he now?
♪
Oh, no!
You've got the wrong idea!
The two of us
weren't alone down there.
Yuzuki was with us!
Wow! So, it was
in front of your sister?
[TSUKUYO]
I told you, it's not like that!
I just had to whisper something
in his ear!
[MANA]
What was it?
Nothing! We had kissed earlier,
and... Ugh.
So, you kissed already?
Congrats on the boyfriend!
-Tell us more about him!
-Hold on!
He's not my, uh... Uh.
You're the talk of the school!
-Oh, for sure.
-Huh?
[MANA] There are a ton of boys
who're interested in you!
-Huh?
-Wait, you're kidding, right?
[MANA]
You've never realized it,
but you Aoba sisters
have quite the following
amongst our classmates!
Your sister's famous
for what a knock out she is,
and you are stacked.
[YUKI]
Like none other!
[TSUKUYO]
That's not a big deal!
[MANA] There's only one thing
on people's minds lately,
and that's wanting
to know more about your boy!
[TSUKUYO]
What?
[BOTH]
Spill the tea!
-Spill the tea!
-[TSUKUYO] This is bad.
If they find out he lives
with us,
we'll be even deeper
in this mess!
[BOTH]
Spill the tea!
-[shrieks]
-[MANA, YUKI] Are you okay?
-She's like some kinda ninja!
-[TSUKUYO] What's he doing,
coming to school?
And in his work clothes,
of all things.
Hm.
[TSUKUYO] He's here
because of my mistake!
I'm going to the nurse's office!
[YUKI]
She's off!
[MANA]
You seem pretty healthy to me!
Do you know
where I could find Tsukuyo Aoba?
Uh, probably in class, now.
Do you mind
if I ask who you are?
Oh, how terribly rude of me.
I came here to deliver
Tsukuyo's lunch to her.
I'm Akaga... [choked]
[grunts]
Uh!
[groans]
[gasps] Huh? Where am I?
[TSUKUYO]
You're finally awake.
[screams]
Shush. Relax. It's me!
Why are we here?
And where is "here?"
The nurse's office.
The nurse
doesn't start her shift
-for the day until later.
-Oh.
You forgot your lunch at home.
Listen. This is nice,
but you can't just show up here.
[AKEMITSU]
All right, I'll be off then.
Agh! Slow down.
You can't go outside while
everyone's in the middle of PE!
Somebody
will definitely notice you!
[AKEMITSU]
Is that a problem if they do?
[TSUKUYO]
A massive problem!
You're wearing
your work clothes!
What should I have worn, then?
I figured this
was the least suspicious option.
Maybe any other day.
But not after what's happened.
For the time being,
you'll have to hide in here.
[knock at door]
[TSUKUYO] No way!
The nurse is here early?
Tsukki, where'd ya go?
Why did you run off?
Hey there.
[MANA]
How're you holding up?
[TSUKUYO] I'm fine
as long as I'm lying down.
[AKEMITSU]
This is anything but "fine!"
Anyway, what's up with you two?
We've got PE next,
so we had time after changing.
Well thanks for thinking of me,
but I'll be fine
after I've rested a bit.
-Hey, Tsukki?
-Huh?
Your legs
are looking kinda long.
-Ah?!
-[AKEMITSU] Oh, crap!
[TSUKUYO] Damnit. I'll get
deeper so it looks right.
[AKEMITSU] Uh-oh.
I've gotta move up, fast!
-[shrieks]
-[MANA] What was that?
Uh, I got a charley horse.
Ow. Those hurt!
Yeah,
it isn't any big deal though.
The bigger problem is he went
straight up my clothes!
Oh, isn't the break almost over?
You're gonna be late
if you don't head out!
You're right.
We should start heading back.
Wait one second.
Have you been gaining weight?
-[shrieks]
-[AKEMITSU] Double crap!
[TSUKUYO]
That's your imagination!
[gasping]
I don't have
any extra weight down there!
[MANA] Are you crying?
I'm so sorry.
I totally didn't mean it
like that, promise!
[AKEMITSU] I can't breathe.
I need oxygen.
-[gasps for air]
-[shrieks]
Did he bite me?
Why was it there?
Oh, yeah.
I wanted to ask you
about something.
Have you considered coming back
to the archery club?
We've got a tournament soon.
[YUKI] We miss
having you around there.
[sighs]
I can't.
I'm busy helping my family.
[MANA]
Right. I guess they need you.
-[TSUKUYO] I'm really sorry.
-[MANA] It's okay.
Don't sweat it.
All right, we'd better be off.
[door closes]
[panting]
I reached Nirvana.
[TSUKUYO]
Come on.
-He seemed to enjoy himself.
-[clears throat]
You never told me
that you used to be
in the archery club.
Actually,
I technically still am.
[AKEMITSU] But you
don't plan on going back?
I'm just taking a break.
Hm.
Let me help!
I'll make sure
you're able to get back
to your club activities!
What? Hold on.
I'll take care
of all the housework
so you can get back to archery!
Not yet! Don't go!
[Akemitsu grunts]
[thuds]
Tsukki, looks like
we have more time
than I thought before PE starts.
[gasps]
[shrieks]
♪
[TSUKUYO]
I remember her profile.
I was drawn to her elegance
every time she drew the bow.
I wanted to know her better,
so I joined.
But then...
Huh? You're quitting
the archery club? Why?
[YUZUKI] I think I'm going
to take over the temple.
You're what?
[door closes]
[clock beeping]
[TSUKUYO] Why am I dreaming
about that again now?
[YUZUKI]
You're up early, Akagami.
Huh: Ah, hey,
good morning! Huh?
Is that a bow you've got there?
Mm-hm. They say
archery is good for meditation.
Apparently,
it's part of the curriculum
at all Buddhist schools.
[AKEMITSU]
Interesting.
[YUZUKI]
Are you interested in trying?
I am!
♪
Ah!
Oh, yeah. You're part
of the archery club, aren't you?
I was,
but I quit a little while back.
I still miss it.
[AKEMITSU]
She quit it? No, wait.
I thought Tsukuyo said...
Hey, Tsukuyo?
[KURAGE]
She probably won't come out.
She's in her shut-in mode.
Whenever she's overcome
with anxiety over something,
we never see her.
Not to worry!
I'll take care of her.
Huh?
[Tsukuyo grunts]
[sighs]
There's no point in worrying
about it anymore.
I'm just taking a break.
Honestly,
I don't know what I want.
-[AKEMITSU] Hey, Tsukuyo!
-Huh?
Huh?
[AKEMITSU]
Over here!
Can you spare a moment for me?
I have something
I'd like to talk about!
[thuds and groans]
[shrieks]
[AKEMITSU]
Thank you for that.
That's one way
to get some attention.
So,
what did you wanna talk about?
Let's just get this over with.
I've taken care
of all the household's cooking,
laundry,
and cleaning for the day.
[TSUKUYO]
Okay.
[AKEMITSU] I also finished
last month's accounting,
and I'll handle guests
and phone calls.
Leave it to me.
Hm,
uh, thank you, I guess?
With that off your plate,
you can try some other things.
-Like archery?
-Huh?
Today's a great day to start!
[TSUKUYO]
Let me clear this up.
Huh?
I think you're confused after
our conversation yesterday,
because I have no interest
in rejoining the archery club.
-No interest at all?
-[TSUKUYO] Nope.
Then why did you tell me
that you're only taking a break
and you haven't fully quit
the club yet?
Isn't the point of a break
that you can come back?
Ugh, whatever!
It's too stuffy in here.
I'm going outside.
I assume you can do the rest
of the housework yourself,
-right?
-[door opens and closes]
Huh?
[TSUKUYO]
Why is he trying to help me?
This isn't his problem
to deal with.
But what am I supposed to do?
[MALE CHILD 1]
[laughs] Race you!
[MALE CHILD 2]
Slow down!
Huh?
Really? I turned my brain off
and auto-piloted here.
Hm.
Sheesh. They did
an awful job cleaning up.
Ugh, this is not the correct way
to string a bow!
Hm. Mm?
♪
Draw.
Release.
[laugh]
What am I doing?
-[inhales] Bullseye!
-[shrieks]
What the heck?
Where did you come from?
Damn it!
Where are you going now,
Tsukuyo?
[groans]
[both panting]
Why did you run away?
Just 'cause.
I didn't want any of the girls
at school
to catch me alone with you.
[AKEMITSU]
Were you thinking
about returning
to the archery club?
I already told you,
it's not happening.
But why? I saw the way
you looked back there.
I'm sure you were having fun!
♪
[TSUKUYO]
There's your reason.
Because it's only fun.
That's it.
It's not like I'm talented.
I was never doing it
with the intent to improve.
When I first started,
my only reason was
because Yuzuki was doing it.
She's the one
who should go back to archery.
How could I return
before she does?
She was way better at it
than me.
Everyone loved her, too.
But she gave it all up.
Yuzuki's been pushing herself
so hard for our sake!
It would be selfish of me
to go back without her!
Think of how difficult this is!
She's running a temple
at her age?
She's had to grow up so fast!
And a matchmaker?
We're still only high schoolers!
I could never do what she does.
She's in a league
all by herself.
[sighs]
-[grunts]
-Huh?
So, let me get this straight.
Yuzuki is suffering,
and since you think
that's why she quit,
you've forbidden yourself
from enjoying the archery club?
Yeah.
What's your point, wise guy?
Follow me.
You've gotta see this.
See what?
[panting]
-We're here.
-Hm?
We're just back at the temple.
[AKEMITSU]
Right, but behind it--
[TSUKUYO]
Hey, wait!
[pants]
[gasps]
♪
Wh-- What's this?
You told me
that Yuzuki's suffering...
so I wanted you
to take a close look
and see if your sister's
really suffering
as badly as you say she is.
This is our reality.
Look at her, bow still in hand.
[TSUKUYO]
No. I can't watch.
She has the same elegance.
The image of perfection,
that profile.
[inhales]
Hm.
This is the truth
that you've kept hidden
from yourself.
Yuzuki wasn't talented,
but your guilt transformed
the memory of her
into something
you wanted to see.
Ah! Stop!
She looks awesome!
-Um?
-[TSUKUYO] Oh, come on!
That's why
I didn't want to see this!
Why do you have
to be such a jerk?
Seeing how elegant she was
makes me wanna do archery again!
[AKEMITSU] You have
to get ahold of yourself!
What were you even looking at?
You just saw a meathead
perform so poorly
it can only be explained
by divine providence!
How is that the best she can do
after spending over a year
practicing technique?
You could afford
to talk a little quieter!
Look, I know I'm bad.
I mean,
why do you think I gave up?
I've always struggled
with my aim.
That's putting it mildly.
[MIA]
Don't worry about it, Yuzuki!
Your form is gorgeous.
It was only everything else
you attempted that sucked!
[crying]
Mia, some restraint.
No! I'll try again!
That was a practice shot!
What? You don't have any talent
for archery?
And you didn't quit the club
because of the temple?
For real?
Uh, yeah. I thought you knew.
[TSUKUYO]
So then, why did I think...
'Cause you went full horny-brain
over your sister
and stopped paying attention.
[TSUKUYO]
Take that back!
Hm? What's that mean?
[KURAGE] It means
the sight of your profile
while you're holding a bow
is too much for her,
so her brain turns
into mush every time
she thinks back to it.
Aw, you shouldn't say
embarrassing things about her!
[TSUKUYO]
Please, just shut up!
Let's change the topic, Yuzuki!
Is the way you live still fun?
Mm-hm.
Every day here has been fun.
Running a temple
hasn't been an easy task,
but it's nothing
if not fulfilling.
I realized this is what I really
feel called to do in life.
So I hope you're able to do
whatever you want as well.
Don't fret over family stuff.
Though, there is one thing.
Hm?
If you ever have the time,
I'd appreciate some lessons
in archery from you,
occasionally.
-Huh? Why are you laughing?
-[laughing]
[chuckling]
[TSUKUYO]
Yeah.
I do feel kinda stupid
after seeing this play out,
but I remembered one nice thing.
On the day that Yuzuki quit,
she was smiling.
[YUZUKI] Tsukuyo!
I wanna take over the temple!
♪
Ugh, I worked up a sweat.
I think I've earned a bath.
Hm?
[gasps]
My bad. I saw it again.
[AKEMITSU]
No! I'm sorry!
[Tsukuyo laughing]
This keeps happening to us.
We should be more careful!
[AKEMITSU]
Honestly, I feel terrible.
I was rude earlier.
[chuckle] You're okay.
On that note, I have an update.
[AKEMITSU]
Oh?
I've decided that it's time
to return to the archery club,
and it's all because of you.
So thank you, I guess.
Glad to hear it.
I think it'll be good for you.
Hey, so let me ask you.
Why did you go so far
out of your way to help me?
[AKEMITSU] I guess
the whole thing made me upset.
Huh?
You felt like you couldn't do
what you wanted
because of your
family's circumstances.
I think it all rang
a little too close to home
after everything I've given up
because of the Akagami
family name.
[TSUKUYO]
Does that have anything to do
with why you came here
in the first place?
[chuckles] Maybe a bit.
But that's not what's important.
I think
I just wanted to see you happy,
that's all.
Hm? Hold on.
I'm not done changing.
You know, it's still on me,
clear as day.
-That--
-You gave me a hickey
back when we were trapped
in the nurse's office.
Agh!
How shall I make you
take responsibility
-for this mark on me?
-Uh.
Just name it and it's done.
Should I raise how much you owe?
Anything else!
All right,
then stand up straight for me.
Ma'am!
[TSUKUYO]
Now, close your eyes.
Hm?
-[heartbeat thumping]
-[both panting]
[smooching]
Huh?
Gotcha.
[chuckles] With that,
you can consider us even.
So put a shirt on, already!
Huh? Huh?
♪
[yawns]
Hm?
Mm.
Sorry.
[AKEMITSU]
Oh, no!
Tsukuyo left for school
without her lunch again!
I've gotta deliver it to her!
[KIKI] Akagami, could you pick
up some milk while you're out?
[AKEMITSU]
Will do!
[TSUKUYO]
Yeah. I got a new one.
[MANA]
Wow. Looking good!
-Wow, it totally suits you!
-[AKEMITSU] Tsukuyo!
You left your lunch
at home again.
[TSUKUYO]
Oh, thank you!
[MANA]
Huh? What's this?
A lunch from your boyfriend?
He's not my boyfriend, okay?
I'd describe him more like
he's a part of our family.
Huh?
Could you explain some more?
Your brother, or?
Okay, now get out of here.
Huh? Oh, that's right!
♪
[chuckles]
[BOTH] Tell me, tell me!
Let's talk facts!
Indirect kisses?
Only little children think
those are still a big deal!
[BOTH] Tell me, tell me!
Let's talk facts!
Have you done it? If you ask
what "it" is, then you haven't.